# Instructions

Create an implementation of the atbash cipher, an ancient encryption system
created in the Middle East.

The Atbash cipher is a simple substitution cipher that relies on transposing
all the letters in the alphabet such that the resulting alphabet is backwards.
The first letter is replaced with the last letter, the second with the second-last,
and so on.

An Atbash cipher for the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

    Plain:  `abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz`
    Cipher: `zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`

It is a very weak cipher because it only has one possible key, and it is a
simple monoalphabetic substitution cipher. However, this may not have been an
issue in the cipher's time.

Ciphertext is written out in groups of fixed length, the traditional group size
being 5 letters, and punctuation is excluded. This is to make it harder to guess
things based on word boundaries.

In this exercise, your solution may require use of the reshape (dyadic rho ⍴),
tally (≢), and catenate (,) functions.

Consider how you may wish to break down your solution into sub-functions to
perform each step of: encipher, decipher, removal of spaces and invalid symbols when
enciphering and deciphering, and grouping or ungrouping letters.

APL is renowned for its one-liner 'code golfing' examples, but it is just as capable of
structured programming as any other language! You should strive to comment your code
in order to make it understandable to your later self, and others!

# Examples

Encoding `test` gives `gvhg`
Decoding `gvhg` gives `test`

Decoding `gsvjf rxpyi ldmul cqfnk hlevi gsvoz abwlt`
gives `thequickbrownfoxjumpsoverthelazydog`

# Objectives

- Write an `encipher` function that takes a plaintext message as its right
  argument and returns ciphertext grouped into 5 characters.
- Write a `decipher` function that takes a ciphertext message generated by
  the above `encipher` function, and returns the plaintext, with spaces
  removed.
- Run the test suite and make sure that it succeeds.
- Submit your solution and check it at the website.
